Fix some broken references (#2474)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/config_vtol/vtol_quad_configuration.md

1. Run *QGroundControl*
2. Flash the firmware for your current release or master (PX4 `main` branch build).

> 3. In the [frame configuration](../airframes/airframe_reference.md) section select the appropriate VTOL airframe.

Reviewer: I think this was incorrect link to the right place. It is supposed to point 

```suggestion
3. In the [Frame setup](../config/airframe.md) section select the appropriate VTOL airframe.

```
